index.md, before:

# Introduction to single-cell RNA-seq data analysis 

![](Images/uniOfCamCrukLogos.png)

This page provides an index for the iterations we ran for this course. 
We recommend looking at the latest iteration, if you want the most up-to-date version of our content.

- [July 2025](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_July25/)
- [March 2025](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_Mar25/)
- [February 2025](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_Feb25/)
- [December 2024](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Dec24/)
- [May 2024](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_May24/)
- [January 2024](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Jan24/)
- [September 2023](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Sept23/)
- [May 2023](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_May23/)
- [January 2023](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Jan23/)
- [September 2022](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Sept22/)
- [June 2022](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_June22/)

Commit message:

Update course index with new and older iterations
Added a new iteration for the Seurat workflow and updated the list of older iterations using the Bioconductor ecosystem.

index.md, after:

# Introduction to single-cell RNA-seq data analysis 

![](Images/uniOfCamCrukLogos.png)

This page provides an index for the iterations we ran for this course. 
We recommend looking at the latest iteration, if you want the most up-to-date version of our content.

The following iterations of the course use the **Seurat workflow**:

- [February 2026](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_Feb26/)

The older iterations listed below used the **Bioconductor ecosystem** for single-cell RNA-seq data analysis, based on the [OSCA book](https://bioconductor.org/books/release/OSCA/):

- [November 2025](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_Nov25/)
- [July 2025](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_July25/)
- [March 2025](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_Mar25/)
- [February 2025](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNAseq_Feb25/)
- [December 2024](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Dec24/)
- [May 2024](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_May24/)
- [January 2024](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Jan24/)
- [September 2023](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Sept23/)
- [May 2023](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_May23/)
- [January 2023](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Jan23/)
- [September 2022](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_Sept22/)
- [June 2022](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/SingleCell_RNASeq_June22/)
